hey you me nobody's ever wanted me
before man I appreciate not you you weep
trash you me yes you have you ever
wondered why you have no friends in this
dark depressing hole we call a fandom no
I really don't well we have the app for
you for you mean oh wow huh
Faria me no an app where you can share
your totally deepest darkest secrets in
a safe manner um is this sponsored share
you're totally safe for work art like
these fine folks did I'm not into that
hell you could even roleplay with
everyone because let's face it all of
our pretty life suck ass and need a
little bit of spice not like fun hot
cheetos yeah but when what what no this
video isn't even sponsored by fur you me
no the greatest app that you could go on
your mobile phone to communicate with
others of your own sad kind with the
flaming hot cheetos and what don't worry
about that you trash cat
[Music]
they mentioned you could also take
quizzes now you can test your vast
intellect of how much of a no-life you
really are in fact score 2,000 any quiz
and you will officially have no life
soon you will finish with a perfect
score and oh my god it's amazing you
slowly fall back into the deep dark
corner of your room where all your dirty
laundry is only to proceed to sleep in
it whilst wondering what the entire
points of your life on this earth is it
also makes you suicidal download it now
Faria me you know the place to get
yourself the satisfaction of having a
life hey guys just kind of in the outer
here to say thank you so much watching
but this week's video was shorter in
order to compensate to the extra video
that is now on the second gaming channel
so you guys could check that out if you
guys are interested its new it will be
the first video and it's subnautica so
it sounds pretty fun somebody bought it
for me go over there link in the
description